README.md, before:

## Brackets Notes Extension

Extension for [Brackets](https://github.com/adobe/brackets) that allows the user to easily add and manage notes.\*

\* This small extension was firstly developed for my personal projects' needs but I thought I should share for anyone that might find it useful.

**Tested with Brackets Sprint >=37**

## Installation

### Git Clone
1. Under main menu select **Help > Show Extensions Folder**
2. Git clone this repository inside the "user" folder.

### Extension Manager
1. Under main menu select File > Extension Manager...
2. Search for "Notes"
3. Click "Install"

### How to use
1. Under main menu select **View > Notes** or use the shortcut **"CTRL+ALT+Shift+N"** or click the **"Notes" icon** on the extension toolbar to open the Notes Panel.
2. Click on the "NEW NOTE" button to open the dialog, type your note and click "Save".
3. You can edit a note by clicking on the "Edit" icon or delete it by clicking on the "X" icon.
4. Click the "expand" icon on the "note" textarea to expand/collapse the note.

### Further info
- At the time being all notes are stored to Web Storage.

Commit message:

update newer version repo link

README.md, after:

## Brackets Notes Extension

Extension for [Brackets](https://github.com/adobe/brackets) that allows the user to easily add and manage notes.\*

**<ins>NOTE:</ins>** This is an outdated version. There is a new one with Markdown support [here](https://github.com/georapbox/brackets-notes).

\* This small extension was firstly developed for my personal projects' needs but I thought I should share for anyone that might find it useful.

**Tested with Brackets Sprint >=37**

## Installation

### Git Clone
1. Under main menu select **Help > Show Extensions Folder**
2. Git clone this repository inside the "user" folder.

### Extension Manager
1. Under main menu select File > Extension Manager...
2. Search for "Notes"
3. Click "Install"

### How to use
1. Under main menu select **View > Notes** or use the shortcut **"CTRL+ALT+Shift+N"** or click the **"Notes" icon** on the extension toolbar to open the Notes Panel.
2. Click on the "NEW NOTE" button to open the dialog, type your note and click "Save".
3. You can edit a note by clicking on the "Edit" icon or delete it by clicking on the "X" icon.
4. Click the "expand" icon on the "note" textarea to expand/collapse the note.

### Further info
- At the time being all notes are stored to Web Storage.
